Interface
---------------------------------
using the interface the polymorphism  can be achieved ???
An interface allows runtime polymorphism because multiple classes can implement
the same interface, and the interface reference can point to objects of different
implementing classes.


 =>>     one interface can be implement by mustiple class .

 ==>     can we create the object of an iunterface
 =>>   if reference is not oresebt can se achived thes


Interface - Theory Points
Interface is a blueprint that contains method declarations and constants.
It is used to achieve 100% abstraction (conceptually; modern Java allows default/static methods).
An interface specifies what a class should do, not how it should do it.
A class implements an interface using the implements keyword.
One interface can be implemented by multiple classes.
A class can implement multiple interfaces.
Interfaces help achieve runtime polymorphism.
Interfaces support loose coupling between classes.
We cannot create an object of an interface directly.
We can create a reference variable of an interface.
An interface reference can refer to an object of any implementing class.
All interface methods are implicitly public and abstract.
All variables declared in an interface are implicitly public, static, and final.
An interface cannot have constructors because objects of interfaces cannot be created.
An interface can extend another interface using the extends keyword.
A class implementing an interface must provide implementations for all abstract methods, otherwise the class must be declared abstract.
Interfaces are widely used in Java frameworks to provide flexibility and extensibility.
Interfaces make applications easier to maintain and modify because code depends on contracts rather than concrete implementations.
Since Java 8, interfaces can contain default and static methods.
Since Java 9, interfaces can contain private methods.

Polymorphism using Interface
Runtime polymorphism can be achieved using interfaces.
An interface reference can hold objects of different implementing classes.
The method that gets executed is determined at runtime based on the actual object.
This process is called dynamic method dispatch.